
Help Page:

Welcome to ZOOMer!

ZOOMer is a cross platform system that launch and close Zoom meetings.
Each meeting card is composed for four elements, a name, and URL to launch,
a start time, and a end time.

Once the specified time to launch your meeting has been reached the program
will launch a your virtual meeting in your default browser.

1. How to use
    1a. Creating a new schedule
    To create a new schedule press option 1 in the main menu.
    Then enter the name for your schedule (Work Day 5/11/2021, School Day).
    Once a name has been entered you will see a prompt with the weekday and the meeting #.
    Enter the name of the schedule.
    Enter the URL for your meeting, make sure you include the https/http in your URL.
    Then enter the start time, it will ask for the hour (in 24 hour time) then then minute.
    Repeat for the end time.
    Please note: Once you have finished entering all info for your meeting within a weekday they will
    be sorted according to their start times.
    Once you has finished entering the meeting information you can either enter a name for a new meeting
    or press return to move onto the next day.

    1b. Errors
    List of possible errors:
        1. A meeting starts before it ends
        2. A meeting has equal start and end times
        3. A meeting has the same start stop time as another meeting in a weekday
        4. Meeting times overlap each other

    If an error has been flagged in your schedule you can return to the main menu
    (this DELETES ALL data about the list)
    You can also edit flagged meetings to remove the invalid start/end time. Once this
    option has been selected it will display the name of the meeting and ask yo to reenter the info.

    Once all error have been resolved you can proceed to thw summery page

    1c. Summery Page
    From the summery page you can make edits to your schedule (add a meeting, delete a meeting, edit a meeting),
    repeat a day, save and run a schedule, save and exit to main menu, and return to main menu (This delete all information
    about a schedule)

    The repeater:
    From the repeater you can enter a non-empty day and repeat ALL meetings in any selected day.
    Once a valid meeting has been selected you will be presented with a prompt to repeat a meeting on that day.
    Press any key and return to selected that day. If you would not like to repeat a day simply press return.

    Running a schedule:
    Once you are happy with your schedule you can run it! If would would like an audible alert
    when a meeting is about to launch the setting can be found in the main menu. The schedule will run indefinitely
    unless you quit ZOOMer, restart your computer, you stop the current schedule.

2. Some quick tips
    2a. Always remember to include the https/http in your URLs.
    2b. Your meeting name must be shorter than 15 characters
    2c. Your schedule name must be shorter than 25 charters
    2d. You can only sort 25 schedules at a time
    2e. You can only have 100 meeting within a weekday
    2f. Your meeting URL must be shorted than 300 characters


3. Hidden eggs!
    Hidden throughout the program are several easter eggs! To find them you must explore
    the interface and try to find clues. Once you have found an eggs email the egg code to
    info@argongalactic.xyz for an eAmazon Gift Card!

    To see what eggs have been found visit www.argongalactic.xyz to see if any eggs have been found!

4. Error Reporting
    If you encounter any errors please send a detailed description of the problem and the
    events that led up to the problem to info@argongalactic.xyz for a reward!

And be one the lookout for our graphical user interface coming soon!

